mission_statement: '<h2>Our Mission</h2><p>Increase college enrollment and completion for Latino youth who are first in their family to go to college by providing guidance and access to opportunity through education, advocacy, and collaboration.</p><h2>Our Vision</h2><p>We strive to ensure that all Latino youth have the opportunity to earn a college degree and better position themselves for a&nbsp;more promising future.</p><p>Higher education paves the way for a better and brighter future, especially in a rapidly evolving economy. LUCA seeks to&nbsp;level the playing field by partnering with first-generation Latino youth to help them realize their potential and work towards&nbsp;achieving their dreams. Through advocacy, community education and student workshops, LUCA promotes college&nbsp;enrollment and prepares students for their journey to college graduation.</p><p>Planning for college and making college a successful, affordable experience can be a challenge. Our programs educate, guide and support students through the complex process, including submitting applications, qualifying for financial aid and admissions. We provide bilingual, culturally-relevant assistance to help Latino students and their families achieve their dreams.</p>'
the_luca_team: '<h2>The LUCA Team</h2><p>Latino U College Access was formed by a group of dedicated and experienced professionals with exemplary careers in non-profit management, business and education.</p><p>We each share a commitment and passion to the mission of LUCA. Together with the assistance of volunteers,&nbsp;community partners and collaborators, we are committed to ensuring that Latino youth attain equity and opportunity for a brighter future.</p><h2>Board of Directors</h2><ul><strong>J. Federico Barreto</strong><br>Getronics<br>Global Chief Financial Officer<p><br></p><p><strong>Patricia Bogoya-Bravo</strong><br>PepsiCo<br>Executive Director</p><p><strong>Shirley Acevedo Buontempo</strong><br>Latino U College Access<br>Founder, Chief Executive Officer</p><p><strong>Camille Cunningham</strong>&nbsp;–&nbsp;<em>Secretary</em><br>Community Volunteer</p><p><strong>Shawn Edwards</strong><br>Bloomberg LP<br>Chief Technology Officer</p><p><strong>Joseph Fanelli</strong>&nbsp;–&nbsp;<em>Treasurer</em><br>Bunge, Inc.<br>Chief Financial Officer, retired</p><p><strong>Al Gutierrez</strong>&nbsp;–&nbsp;<em>Chairman</em><br>Jones Lang LaSalle Inc. (JLL)<br>Managing Director</p><p><strong>Christine Louvet</strong><br>Louvet Consulting<br>Consultant</p><p><strong>Jane Matluck</strong><br>Attorney<br>Community Volunteer</p><p><strong>Laura Martinez</strong><br>Morgan Stanley<br>Executive Director</p><p><strong>Stephen Moroney&nbsp;</strong>–&nbsp;<em>Vice Chairman</em><br>TD Bank<br>SVP, Regional Manager</p><p><strong>Rafael Palomino</strong><br>Palomino Restaurant Group<br>Executive Chef / Proprietor</p><p><strong>Aldo J. Polak</strong><br>LionTree LLC<br>Managing Director</p><p><strong>Kenneth G. Ray</strong><br>Counsel<br>Tulis Wilkes Hugg &amp; Geiger, LLP</p><p><strong>Rodrigo Trelles Zabala</strong><br>UBS O’Connor<br>Managing Director</p><p><strong>Nathalie Vanheusden</strong><br>Oliver Wyman<br>Global Head, Executive Assistant Services</p></ul><h2>Intern Staff</h2><p>We welcome and value interns to support our staff and programs.&nbsp; Interns will gain valuable work experience while helping achieve our mission.</p><h2>Advisory Council</h2><ul><li><i></i><strong>Andrea Beltran Ruggiero, MPA,</strong>&nbsp;Founding Board Member, Director Special Programs, Open Door Family Medial&nbsp;Center</li><li><i></i><strong>James Cotto,</strong>&nbsp;Senior Vice President, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management</li><li><i></i><strong>Robert Cummings,</strong>&nbsp;Partner, Dunbar Educational Consultants</li><li><i></i><strong>Felix Flores,</strong>&nbsp;Retired, Elementary School Principal, Ossining Union Free School District</li><li><i></i><strong>Amy Harwood,&nbsp;</strong>MPA Candidate, Baruch College Marxe School of Public Affairs</li><li><i></i><strong>Janine Ting Jansen,&nbsp;</strong>HR Business Partner &amp;&nbsp;Analyst, S&amp;P Global</li><li><i></i><strong>Dr. Joseph Pastore,</strong>&nbsp;Professor Emeritus, Pace University</li><li><i></i><strong>Carol Pouchie,</strong>&nbsp;Co-President, Community Resource Center</li><li><i></i><strong>Cynthia Rivera Weissblum,</strong>&nbsp;President CEO, Edwin Gould Foundation</li><li><i></i><strong>Dr. Rebecca Tekula,</strong>&nbsp;Executive Director, Wilson Center for Social Enterprise, Pace University</li><li><i></i><strong>Joe Torres</strong>, News Anchor, Reporter, WABC TV</li><p><br></p></ul><h2>Student Advisory Group</h2><p>Our Student Advisory Group share their personal insight and ideas for programs and participate in student outreach. This dynamic group of high school and college students, both Latino and non-Latino, are our link to the youth we serve and give a youthful voice to all we do.</p>'
faq:
  -
    question: 'Is Latino U College Access a 501 (c) (3) organization?'
    answer: 'Latino U College Access is a registered 501 (c) (3) nonprofit organization. All contributions are tax-deductible to the extent allowed by law.'
  -
    question: 'Where do you provide services?'
    answer: 'We offer workshops and volunteer “college coaching” programs in participating school districts in Westchester County, New York. We are available to host information sessions at other locations when scheduling permits.'
  -
    question: 'How can I refer someone who needs your services?'
    answer: 'Please email a request and provide the student’s information, grade, school and the town / city they live in to us at info@latinou.org'
title: 'Who We Are'
fieldset: who_we_are
template: who-we-are
id: 711aa05b-9f3d-4487-b94e-1ee2cd9f6817
